{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13020\viewh15140\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 4/12/2025\
\
- trying out data on R. Unable to clean the data properly\
\
4/13/2025\
\
- loaded the data on python instead\
- Cleaned the rows with \'91NA\'92\
-Identified luxury vs budget dealers\
-Saved cleaned data to CSV \
\
\
4/20/25\
\
- Checked zipcode column and made changes not the excel sheet, because the address was correct but not the zipcode\
\
4/4/2025\
\
- I started to add a column for median household income by zipcode and it was taking too long.\
\
- on excel I was attempting to import the info from a website to the column but it actually cost $400\
\
4/26/245\
\
- I decided I cleaned up enough of the zip code. Its enough to understand 1-6 are east side of the country zip codes and the rest are west coast zip codes\
\
4/27/25\
\
Did the code for Luxury vehicles, moved data from VS code to Co-lab and this is where I realized I missed few brand car vehicles in python. \
\
Did the code for budget vehicles by zip code and a chart for them.\
\
5/1/2025\
\
- I ran a code ONLY by ratings. So often we think if we have a certain as luxury but it can be missing half of the features a Mazda or Honda would have already included. So I ran the code with just ratings higher and this is the code that it gave back\
The \'93Blindluxury\'94 I first did a decision tree  and did two categories (A) for luxury and (B) otherwise if it didn\'92t meet certain ratings. It gave me how many were in A and the number in B.\
\
\
- Then I did another code cause I wanted to see the results of the names in A and in B\
\
5/3/2025\
\
- the \'93k clustering file\'94 is when I let the algorithm find 2 groups. Then I can use this to compare it with the Luxury category.\
\
- In conclusion, with social media pushing so much product to us, we often overlook good qualities in things or in this case cars that surpass what is even considered luxury because we are stuck on the brand name. \
\
5/4/2025\
- I wanted to circle back to the luxury vs budget purchases but show it on a map. I used \
}